docs: sphinx customisation (#1165)
canonical/operator: HACKING.md

open docs/_build/html/index.html
```

## How to Pull in Style Changes

> The documentation uses Canonical styling which is customised on top of the [Furo Sphinx theme](https://github.com/pradyunsg/furo). The easiest way to pull in Canonical style changes is by using the Canonical documentation starter pack, see docs [here](https://canonical-starter-pack.readthedocs-hosted.com/) and repository [here](https://github.com/canonical/sphinx-docs-starter-pack).

Reviewer: For accessibility, it's usually better to link the specific word rather than the word "here":
```suggestion
The documentation uses Canonical styling which is customised on top of the [Furo Sphinx theme](https://github.com/pradyunsg/furo). The easiest way to pull in Canonical style changes is by using the Canonical documentation starter pack, see [docs](https://canonical-starter-pack.readthedocs-hosted.com/) and [repository](https://github.com/canonical/sphinx-docs-starter-pack).
```

TL;DR:

- Clone the starter pack repository to a local directory: `git clone git@github.com:canonical/sphinx-docs-starter-pack`.
- Copy the folder `.sphinx` under the starter pack repo to the operator repo `docs/.sphinx`.

## How to Customise Configurations

There are two configuration files: [`docs/conf.py`](./docs/conf.py) and [`docs/custom_conf.py`](./docs/custom_conf.py), copied and customised from the starter pack repo.

To customise, change the file [`docs/custom_conf.py`](./docs/custom_conf.py) only, and theoretically, we should not change [`docs/conf.py`](./docs/conf.py) (however, some changes are made to [`docs/conf.py`](./docs/conf.py), such as adding autodoc, PATH, fixing issues, etc.)

## How to Pull in Dependency Changes

> The Canonical documentation starter pack uses Make to build the documentation, which will run the script [`docs/.sphinx/build_requirements.py`](./docs/.sphinx/build_requirements.py) and generate a requirement file `requirements.txt` under `docs/.sphinx/`.

Reviewer: We don't seem to have a Makefile, and `make html` (documented below) doesn't work. Should it?

Author: `make html` should run within the starter pack repo, not our repo.

The starter pack uses Makefile to run the `build_requirements.py` script which generates a `requirements.txt` dynamically, then build the docs based on that.

Since the OF repo uses `pip-compile` to create a requirements based on both `pyproject.toml` and a `requirements.txt` for the docs, I did not include the Makefile into the OF repo, just the `requirements.txt` generated by the `Makefile`/`build_requiremenets.py`. Come to think of this, maybe I should remove the `build_requirements.py` as well, or include the `Makefile`?

Reviewer: Per voice discussion, let's use tox for the pip-compile step, and keep the initial build_requirements.py out of this repo altogether (you just run that once when you're copying the starter pack).

Author: After discussion we decide to not include build_requiremenets.py at all, only the generated requirements.txt.

To pull in new dependency changes from the starter pack, change to the starter pack repository directory, and build with the following command. This will create a virtual environment, generate a dependency file, install the software dependencies, and build the documentation:

```bash
make html
```

> Then, check out the generated file `.sphinx/requirements.txt`, and make changes to [`pyproject.toml`](./pyproject.toml) accordingly.

Reviewer 2: "check out" makes people think of `git checkout` I think.

```suggestion
Then, compare the generated file `.sphinx/requirements.txt`and the `project.optional-dependencies.docs` section of [`pyproject.toml`](./pyproject.toml) and adjust the `pyproject.toml` file accordingly.
```
